s's it's perfectly clear that the cabin
crew should follow high hygiene
standards regular showering a deodorant
and breath spray never hurt anybody
one thing that flight attendants might
be upset about is that they aren't
allowed to wear heavy perfumes to work
even if it's their favorite signature
scent you've definitely seen them walk
down the aisle offering you chicken or
fish but have you ever spotted a flight
attendant eating a sandwich or drinking
some soda no well that's because they
aren't allowed to be eating or drinking
in front of passengers they can only do
it in the galley or in special areas
where you won't see them even when there
is a loud group of teenagers sitting
next to a crying baby and a barking toy
Terrier right next to them
cabin crew members can't pop in some ear
plugs or put on headphones with some
ambient tunes your safety is number one
priority so they must be able to hear
any signals including emergency ones and
laboratory and passenger call bells
there are height restrictions that
differ from airline to airline and
aren't to discriminate candidates but to
ensure passenger safety when a person
can't reach the overhead compartment
they won't be able to stow bags or get
the medical kit out for a person that's
too tall performing regular and
emergency plane duties will be a problem
as well some companies just measure the
height and others add arm reach in there
most airlines have restrictions
regarding the amount and types of
jewelry
flight attendants can wear tongue and
nose piercings are obviously a no-go
some airlines also limit the number of
rings they can wear to - long dangly
earrings and large hoops are mostly not
allowed for safety concerns they can
catch on to something and that would be
a problem during evacuation some
airlines limit the amount of earrings to
one pair even if they are small and
subtle flight attendants aren't like
restaurant or hotel staff and can't
accept tips the best way you can show
appreciation as a passenger is by being
friendly and polite oh by the way cabin
crew members aren't supposed to carry or
exchange cash at all when they are
on duty even if the flight is perfectly
uneventful and their colleagues are
alert crewmembers aren't allowed to
sleep when on a plane the only exception
is long-haul flights when they have
special sleeping areas and work in
shifts female crew members can't go bare
face they are expected to wear some
makeup nothing too crazy of course no
pink eyeshadow or black lipstick but
something light to complement their
natural beauty it differs from airline
to airline but some lip color is a must
in most cases flight attendants must
renew their makeup on long-haul flights
but not in front of passengers nails
have to be neat and clean
ideally short and clear or red
definitely not extreme or neon if their
hair is below the shoulders flight
attendants have to wear it in a bun or
ponytail top knots crazy volume
dreadlocks Mohawks cornrows and even
massive waves or curls aren't welcome
hair must be neat and tidy at all times
and of natural color pink and purple
don't count as natural colors in case
you were wondering and one more thing
roots in a different color mustn't show
grooming requirements for male crew
members restrict beard and moustache
length no crazy fancy styles and only
clothes trimming is allowed some
airlines are even stricter and let the
crew have beards only if they help hide
facial imperfections and of course
nostrils ears and underarms must be free
from hair that can be seen by passengers
you never see them out of uniform unless
they want to break company rules
cabin crew members aren't allowed to
interact with passengers wearing
anything else than their uniform so they
mostly change into it before they arrive
at the airport and don't take it off
until they get home or to the hotel
after the flight when they're wearing a
uniform a flight attendant is
representing the airline even when they
are on the ground and not on board so
they can indulge into their bad habits
hang out in bars or chew gum whenever
their uniform is on
here's another rule for the sake of
airline reputation a crew member can't
slouch and at some companies even put
their hands in the pockets or across
their arms with their uniform on some
airlines even have catwalks at their
training centers to practice the
supermodel walk their smile must be
impeccable you won't see a flight
attendant with visible teeth defects or
missing to clear teeth braces are fine
and visible metallic dental fillings
aren't they aren't allowed to use all
the items in the first aid kit yes they
are trained to provide first aid and
mostly CPR certified but they must wait
for a professional doctor to use some of
the medical tools and items in the kit
even if screaming is in their mentality
cabin crew members are supposed to turn
the volume down first of all it can
disturb passengers trying to get some
rest
second in a confined space sound travels
way easier and passengers really don't
have to know about the crews personal
life or work issues the way they speak
also matters bad accent substandard
language or slang words aren't welcome
and of course good manners are important
they can't take advantage of their
position no free flights for friends or
family members and they can't sneak in
packages with forbidden items for
friends or family members aboard either
cabin crew members go through the same
if not stricter security checks as
passengers do before getting on the
plane
there are also luggage item restrictions
normally it's one suitcase and one tote
bag that must be black and when on board
they can't offer you to buy their
handmade eye mask or subscribe to their
travel blog no soliciting allowed cabin
crew members can't enter the cockpit
whenever they want because why would
they distract the pilot for no reason
and risk everyone safety if they do want
to come in for a good reason they
usually have to phone the pilots first
to open that cockpit coded door and have
someone hold the curtain so that nobody
else takes in and no they can't tell the
pilots to fly faster for you to catch
your connecting flight even if you
desperately need a place to practice you
or hide from an overly talky lady
sitting next to you
flight attendants can't let you hang out
in the galley this place is reserved for
the crew they cooked meals here and keep
things they need during the flight the
only excuse for you to be here as a
passenger is waiting in line to the
bathroom they won't help you out even if
you aren't feeling well after a long
flight because they don't leave the
plane until all passengers do if you
need assistance they can call someone
from the airport staff to escort you off
the plane if there is no external
assistance available and a passenger
really can't leave the plane themselves
they'll have to be patient and wait for
all other passengers to exit only then
flight attendants can step outside the
plane